dev -> prod 10.12.0 (#4652)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/sharing.md

> Anyone who has access to the collection URL can view the collection if the toggle next to **Allow Guests with the link to join your team and view collection** is turned on.

The collection must be in a team workspace. If the collection is in a personal or private workspace, external users will be unable to view the collection. For more information, see [Collaborating in team workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaborating-in-team-workspaces/).

### Changing external user access to collections

You can change an external user's role at the team and collection levels. You can also revoke access to viewing collections for new and existing external users.

To learn how to change an external user's team role, see [Managing guests](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/managing-your-team/#managing-guests). To learn how an external user can request a role change, see [Requesting Editor role access for a collection as an external user](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/requesting-access-to-collections/#requesting-editor-role-access-for-a-collection-as-an-external-user).

> You can turn off the toggle next to **Allow people outside your team to view this collection**. When you turn this off, new external users can no longer be assigned the Guest role. External users already assigned the Guest role will continue to have access to the collection. If this is turned off for all collections an external user could access, they will be removed from the team and unable to access collections in the team. To remove external users already assigned the Guest role, see [Removing team members](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/managing-your-team/#removing-team-members).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can turn off the toggle next to **Allow Guests with the link to join your team and view collection**. When you turn this off, new external users can no longer be assigned the Guest role. External users already assigned the Guest role will continue to have access to the collection. If this is turned off for all collections an external user could access, they will be removed from the team and unable to access collections in the team. To remove external users already assigned the Guest role, see [Removing team members](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/managing-your-team/#removing-team-members).
```

> You can turn off the toggle next to **Allow Guests with the link to join your team and view collection**. When you turn this off, new external users can no longer be assigned the Guest role. External users already assigned the Guest role will continue to have access to the collection. If this is turned off for all collections an external user could access, they will be removed from the team and unable to access collections in the team. To remove external users already assigned the Guest role, see [Removing team members](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/managing-your-team/#removing-team-members).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can turn off the toggle next to **Allow Guests with the link to join your team and view collection**. When you turn this off, new external users can no longer be assigned the Guest role. External users already assigned the Guest role will continue to have access to the collection. If this is turned off for all collections an external user could access, they will be removed from the team and unable to access collections in the team.
```
